Verity - Well...
Verity - I’m more confused than ever now.
Amara - Same here.
Wren - We did learn that neither Claire nor Ramsey could be The Catalyst from 5 years ago.
Verity - Which means Claire has been lying to us all this time. <think>(Not that I’m surprised.)<>
Amara - We did also learn that Steele was most likely here 

Amara - I don’t want to keep Ace waiting. Let’s head back to St. Morrigans.
Verity - Yeah.
Wren - Psst! Ve... You should talk to her.
Verity - About?
Wren - Whatever it is you’ve decided not to talk about.
Verity - But... I don’t think I can.
Wren - You know what I told you about how chronic pain is like?
Verity - Yes...? How is that...?
Wren - That is what's happening to you right now, but emotionally. Trust me.
Verity - How are you so sure?
Wren - The thing you’re keeping quiet about is clearly causing you pain. 
Wren - If you aren’t gonna be honest with Ams about whatever is going on, the pain won’t go away.
Verity - But... I’m scared of what will happen.
Wren - Then do it scared, because you can’t keep this bottled up. 
Amara - Are you two coming or not?
Wren - I’m coming. Now’s your chance!
Verity - Amara! Wait a second.
Amara - What is it?
Verity - We... we need to talk. I can’t keep this in anymore.
Amara - What is this about?
Verity - This is about the apology I made earlier.
Amara - The one about how you work too much?
Verity - Yes, I... I knew that wasn’t what you’re upset with me about. I just... didn’t want to admit it.
Amara - !
Verity - I’ve tried to repress the memories of what for years now but I can’t keep doing this or I think I might actually die.
Amara - If you aren’t feeling up to it then we can do this another time.
Verity - No! I... I need to tell you now.
Verity - This has been eating me alive for the past 5 years...
Verity - I’m so incredibly sorry for what I did and I don’t expect you to forgive me. 
Verity - I know I blamed you for what happened to Joyce but it was entirely my fault. If I hadn’t... she...
Verity - I know how much you must hate me for that.
Amara - I... never hated you.
Verity - <shake>Why not!?<> After what I did to you! After what happened with Joyce!
Verity - How could you not hate someone like me?
Amara - Because that’s not who you are!
Verity - !
Amara - I know you and I know what we went through was awful. But what we do in our lowest moments shouldn’t define us.
Amara - I never let it define how I see you. So please, don’t let it define how you see yourself.
Verity - I’ve made so many mistakes. Especially how I treated you. 
Verity - You were going through the same stuff as me after Joyce died.
Verity - How did you do it? How did you get over her death?
Amara - I never did. 
Amara - And I doubt I ever will.
Verity - That just makes me feel worse.
Amara - That’s just the cards we’ve been dealt. Not much else we can do about it.
Verity - So that’s it, huh?
Verity - We’ll just have to live with this... for the rest of our lives.
Amara - We do...
Amara - But we don’t have to do it alone.
Verity - ... *sob*
Amara - It’s alright. Come here.
Amara - Just cry for as long as you need to. I’ll still be here.
Verity - *sob* I’d like to... *sob* I’d like to visit Joyce’s grave once this is over. 
Amara - I’d like that too. 
Verity - ......
Amara - ......
Verity - ......
Amara - Come on, let’s not keep the others waiting.
Verity - Y-yeah... Let’s go.
Verity - <shake>WREN!?<> 
Amara - Were you watching us the entire time?
Wren - You were having a moment. I didn’t want to ruin it.
Wren - And I forgot the way back to St. Morrigans so I had to wait for you two but that’s not important.
Wren - I’m just glad you two could talk your feelings out.
Amara - I’m glad too.
Amara - We’ve spent enough time here. Let’s head back.
Wren - For real this time.
Verity - Thanks for the push, Wren. I really needed it.
Verity - You really have everything figured out, don’t you?
Wren - ...... <float>yeeeeeah...<>